Revamp Function BBEs (#3840)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/anonymous-function/anonymous_function.md

# Anonymous function

> The anonymous function is used to create function values. There are two different kinds of syntax in ballerina to create anonymous functions. One is an explicit anonymous function where the function is specified explicitly as usual with a function-signature. Second is infer anonymous function where function type is inferred from the expected type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The anonymous function is used to create function values. There are two different kinds of syntaxes in Ballerina to create anonymous functions. One is an explicit anonymous function of which the function is specified explicitly as usual with a function signature. The second is to infer an anonymous function of which the function type is inferred from the expected type.
```
